hey Adrian Lafosse here with the
Columbia new home buyer team in Columbia
South Carolina you can find us online at
Columbia new home buyer comm today we're
doing a video tour of a custom new home
built by fortress builders this plan
actually doesn't have a name because it
is a custom one-of-a-kind home but let's
call it the Shaw and it is a completely
one-story
new home with a huge bonus room man room
downstairs very unusual over 2,500
square feet is this one-story home this
should be a good example of what can be
done by fortress builders and mid to
hundreds or so more than maybe upper
200s maybe a little bit lower depending
on size they can even build you a custom
home in this price range depending on
neighborhood depending on location but
there's some wonderful features in this
home that I want to take a closer look
at now remember fortress builders can
build pretty much everywhere you want to
be throughout the Greater Columbia area
they build in their own neighborhoods or
they build on your lot they'll build
their floor plans or they'll build a
custom home for you so beautiful
gleaming hardwoods you've got both
formals in this floorplan
you've got an office den here in the
front with the French doors and a formal
dining room with the Comfort ceiling
your family room or the vaulted ceiling
and this is a split floor plan here on
the left side of the house are two
bedrooms a bathroom and laundry room
it's your full bath for guests and these
two bedrooms
we'll get another look here at this
beautiful great room family room here
and you're getting a peek at the eat-in
kitchen right there breakfast nook and
then this beautiful kitchen here the
granite countertops so but the lux
kitchen set up here with a the gas and
the stove and a microwave in the
cabinetry stainless steel appliances
deep sink lots of beautiful molding I
mean this is a really well finished
house and then on this side is where the
master bedroom and that man room I told
you about on let's go ahead and take a
closer look at the master bedroom with
its tray ceiling this beautiful windows
right there
this always catch my every time I come
in that is the master closet right there
and you'll notice that this master
actually has its own climate control
it's only control its own control for
your heating and air system tiled master
bath with granite countertops tiled
shower and jet tub
I've got a water closet right there on
the right there's your double sink
vanity one thing that forretress
definitely does different than all the
rest of the builders is they include a
standard feature in all their homes
regardless of price regardless of
neighborhood is actually a central
vacuum system and you'll see right there
next to the plug is we can't see a blank
plug we lift that up and that's the
connection for the central vac and you
can see there's the actual equipment
that comes included in the price of all
their homes this like I said very
unusual usually see this not quite this
big and it would be upstairs but that my
clients who built this custom home here
they wanted a completely one-story house
so they got the bonus room downstairs
and also something very very unusual
don't have to leave the man room to go
to the bathroom there you go it's guys
going half baths if you could dream it
they can build it so this has been a
video tour of this fortress built new
custom home remember you can find more
video tours just like this on Columbia
new home buyer calm or you can check out
our youtube page where we've got 200
videos and Counting so we'll go ahead
and we'll see on the next one
hope you enjoyed this